af1
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af1.apx -a []
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af1.apx -a b,d
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af1.apx -a a,d
python main.py -p DS-CO -f test_af1.apx -a []
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af1.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af1.apx -a b
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af1.apx -a d
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af1.apx -a b,d
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af1.apx -a a,d
python main.py -p DS-ST -f test_af1.apx -a d
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af1.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af1.apx -a b
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af1.apx -a d

af2
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af2.apx -a []
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af2.apx -a e
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af2.apx -a b
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af2.apx -a b,d
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af2.apx -a b,e
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af2.apx -a a
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af2.apx -a a,d
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af2.apx -a a,e
python main.py -p DS-CO -f test_af2.apx -a []
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af2.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af2.apx -a b
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af2.apx -a d
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af2.apx -a e
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af2.apx -a b,d
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af2.apx -a b,e
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af2.apx -a a,e
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af2.apx -a a,d
python main.py -p DS-ST -f test_af2.apx -a []
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af2.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af2.apx -a b
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af2.apx -a d
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af2.apx -a e

af3
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af3.apx -a []
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af3.apx -a e
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af3.apx -a a
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af3.apx -a a,d
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af3.apx -a a,e
python main.py -p DS-CO -f test_af3.apx -a []
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af3.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af3.apx -a d
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af3.apx -a e
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af3.apx -a a,e
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af3.apx -a a,d
python main.py -p DS-ST -f test_af3.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af3.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af3.apx -a d
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af3.apx -a e

af4
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af4.apx -a []
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af4.apx -a e
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af4.apx -a d
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af4.apx -a b
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af4.apx -a a
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af4.apx -a b,d
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af4.apx -a c,e
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af4.apx -a a,e
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af4.apx -a a,d
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af4.apx -a b,e
python main.py -p DS-CO -f test_af4.apx -a []
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af4.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af4.apx -a b
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af4.apx -a c
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af4.apx -a d
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af4.apx -a e
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af4.apx -a b,d
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af4.apx -a c,e
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af4.apx -a a,e
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af4.apx -a a,d
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af4.apx -a b,e
python main.py -p DS-ST -f test_af4.apx -a []
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af4.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af4.apx -a b
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af4.apx -a c
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af4.apx -a d
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af4.apx -a e

af5
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af5.apx -a []
python main.py -p VE-CO -f test_af5.apx -a a,c,f
python main.py -p DS-CO -f test_af5.apx -a []
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af5.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af5.apx -a c
python main.py -p DC-CO -f test_af5.apx -a f
python main.py -p VE-ST -f test_af5.apx -a a,c,f
python main.py -p DS-ST -f test_af5.apx -a a
python main.py -p DS-ST -f test_af5.apx -a c
python main.py -p DS-ST -f test_af5.apx -a f
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af5.apx -a a
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af5.apx -a c
python main.py -p DC-ST -f test_af5.apx -a f